READ ME: 

INSTRUCTIONS: Run the WikipediaParserMain() function in order to get your answer for 

I will state all the assumptions used for this assignment: 


General Assumptions: 
1) Valid inputs for every question( specifics will be discussed later)
2) links staying the same consistent formatting for wikipedia and sites not being taken down/ chaning their html links
3) Organization of formatting with titles remains the same (for H2 and H3 title pages). 

Problem 1: 
     Assumption that all the conservation statuses are in parenthesis. For example Extinction (EX) has a parenthesis. 

Problem 2: 
Assumption that the index is within bounds. IE: They don't list a negative number of a number greater than the possible number of criteria
for determining Critically Endangered species. 

Problem 3: 
Assumption that the string is a valid classification. IE: That it is listed in the wikipedia page. This must exist and be plural

Problem 4: 
Assumption that the string is a valid classification listed on wikipedia (similar to question 3 assumptions with formatting). Must be upper cased
Assumption that the species is in the correct formatting of plurality (it should always be in the correct format)
Example: "Giant pandas"
where the first word is always upper case and the following words are all lower case. We will assume that this is the case because the wiki
files are in this format. 

Problem 5: 
    * Assumption that the string is a valid species listed on wikipedia
    * Assumption that the species is in the correct formatting 
    * (lower case for the classification, and upper case for species)

Problem 6: 
    * Assumption that the string is a valid country in our wiki page
    * Assumption that we will ignore the images as countries, and assume that
    * the recent endangered mammals appears in a row the the country shown in text
    * Assume no duplicate years (there aren't multiple answerS)
    * Does not include possibly extinct or extinct in the wild
    * Early and Late prefixes will be truncated (so will s's

Problem 7: 
     *     // Assumptions: lower case second word for species
     *     // Assumption: All inputs are valid and appear in the correct formatting for the wiki
     
Problem 8: I am asking the question: what percentage of *amphibians* studied are endangered (the classification only). 
    //Assumption: The formatting to where the "li" for the number of endangered species remains the same for formatting
    // Assumption: Correct formating for inputs, and data must exist in wikipedia in order to be processed. 
    // The data I get can be converted from strings to integers. 

Extra Credit 1 Problem: 
    //Assumption: The countries listed below are the main countries to be looking for, and it will either be
    // in one of these countries (found through sampling) or a large ocean body.
    
Extra Credit 2 Problem: 
    //I commented out the problem because it kept throwing an error, and I can't seem to debug it. I do think I have the right approach
    and am including it to maybe get points? I'm basically going into the wiki article and iterating through all the different types of 
    reptiles in a specific status and finding it's genus, then counting out how many of that genus there are in the other animals (by incrementing
    a map). Probably don't deserve points but wanted to add it lol. 

